# twofold
A Memory Matching Game

This app is a memory matching game and is played by the end-facing user. The game is themed and targeted for young children and adults, both male and female into their 30s and up. The app recognizes the device it is playing on and adjusts for both iPhone and iPad. The app connects to Apple’s Game Center using GameKit. The game uses Game Center’s leaderboard to track time and points scored. Authenticating the user asks proper permission to connect. It also creates notifications with GKGameCenterViewController and push notifications with attachments. An options menu allows the user to mute the background music. Here the user can pull up the leader board, choose the level of difficulty, and pick an image pack based on a charactered theme. Each theme changes the look and feel of the game by adjusting color varying elements to give a complete new feel.

Responsibilities: • Involved solely in the life cycle of conception, design, prototype, and build. • Set up connection and authorization with Game Center for the best gaming • Followed best practices and built the app using Apple’s concept of Model-View-Controller. • Created every line of code with efficiency in mind. • Used proper completion handling to eliminate any crashes. • Developed the application using Swift 5 and Xcode 11.5 for iPhone and iPad. • Reviewed all and worked on code enhancement to achieve reusability. • Developed an Object Oriented Architecture using different design patterns. • Created a test group to learn proper flow of the application and ease of the UI. • Debugged and fixed the issues that were found during the different phases of the project.

Environment: iOS, Swift, Xcode, Google Firebase, Game Center, NSUserNotification, Google Analytics, StoreKit, GameKit, AVFoundation, CocoaPods, UIKit.
